+++
date = "2017-05-01T23:35:09-05:00"
draft = false
title = "about"

+++

For over 14 years, Abram Isola has been pursuing innovative use of his business
acumen in digital marketing, technology, and branding to revolutionize business
and technology. He is an experienced and proficient engineer and businessman
with knowledge of both starting and running projects and businesses, as well as
teaching others to do the same.

Abram’s goal is always to bring the highest quality products to market while
implementing modern engineering and strategy to build his knowledge across the
board. He is impeccably self-educated and has intensive programming experience,
including remarkable understanding of numerous programming languages, including
Python, PHP, Go, and JavaScript. Abram consistently increases his affluence in
the business and technology realms, continuing to educate himself in all fields.

Abram is the Chief Executive Officer of Finnesota, a business branding and
technology agency in Minneapolis, Minnesota. His work in all aspects of
technology – including computers, engineering, systems, analytics, strategy, and
business – was recognized when, in 2015, Abram was awarded the AdFed #32under32
award for his skills and presence as a top marketing and advertising professional
with a love of and appreciation for the Minneapolis community in both his career
and home lives, highlighting him as an up-and-coming (and already well-founded)
professional with a knack for analytical data. He also assisted with reopening
NEMpls.MN, a neighborhood marketing and advertising business, and continues to
help maintain that business by managing its social media and marketing.

In his free time, Abram can be found with his family and friends and pursuing his
hobbies, including both singing and guitar, as well as researching his family
history and Finnish genealogy. He very much enjoys solving problems, asking
questions, and using that true passion for his work to write and deploy websites
and web programs.
